README.md, before:

# SwiftRide - E-commerce Website

Welcome to **SwiftRide**, your one-stop shop for rollers, skateboards, bikes, and all the equipment you need to ride in style and safety!

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Features

- User-friendly interface for seamless navigation
- Product listings with detailed descriptions, images, and prices
- Shopping cart functionality
- User authentication and profile management
- Admin panel for managing products, orders, and users (powered by Strapi)
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for server-rendered applications
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **Strapi**: A headless CMS for managing content and APIs
- **React**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- **Node.js**: JavaScript runtime for server-side development
- **Gsap**: A JavaScript animation library
- **Stripe**: A powerful payment processing platform for online transactions

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FlorenceBastaraud/swiftride.git
cd swiftride

```

2. Set up Strapi:

Navigate to the Strapi folder:

```bash
cd strapi
npm install
npm run develop
```

3. Navigate to the Next.js project:

```bash
cd ..
cd frontend

```

4. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm i

```

5. Start the Next.js development server:

```bash
npm run dev

```

6. Visit http://localhost:3000 in your browser to view the website.

## Usage

This project is intended for personal use and testing only.
Commercial use is not permitted. If you wish to use this project for commercial purposes, please contact me for further information at [fbastaraud@yahoo.fr](mailto:fbastaraud@yahoo.fr)
.

Commit message:

enhances error management for checkout process and ui feedbacks

README.md, after:

# SwiftRide - E-commerce Website

Welcome to **SwiftRide**, your one-stop shop for rollers, skateboards, bikes, and all the equipment you need to ride in style and safety!

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Features

- User-friendly interface for seamless navigation
- Product listings with detailed descriptions, images, and prices
- Product filters to sort and refine products by categories, price range, and other attributes
- Shopping cart functionality for adding and reviewing items before checkout
- Admin panel for managing products, orders, client emails, messages, and updating static content (powered by Strapi)
- Responsive design ensuring a seamless experience on both mobile and desktop devices
- Stripe Checkout integration for secure and efficient payment processing

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for server-rendered applications
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **Strapi**: A headless CMS for managing content and APIs
- **React**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- **Node.js**: JavaScript runtime for server-side development
- **Gsap**: A JavaScript animation library
- **Stripe**: A powerful payment processing platform for online transactions

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FlorenceBastaraud/swiftride.git
cd swiftride

```

2. Set up Strapi:

Navigate to the Strapi folder:

```bash
cd strapi
npm install
npm run develop
```

3. Navigate to the Next.js project:

```bash
cd ..
cd frontend

```

4. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm i

```

5. Start the Next.js development server:

```bash
npm run dev

```

6. Visit http://localhost:3000 in your browser to view the website.

## Usage

This project is intended for personal use and testing only. It is a demonstration project. The products are not real and the payments are simulated.
Commercial use is not permitted. If you wish to use this project for commercial purposes, please contact me for further information at [fbastaraud@yahoo.fr](mailto:fbastaraud@yahoo.fr)
.
